Freedex Protocol Disclaimer

Disclaimer to your use of the Freedex Protocol

Freedex is a peer to peer protocol for decentralized option markets. Freedex
is software and a set of smart contracts written in Solidity that can be
deployed to the Ethereum blockchain (the “Freedex Protocol”). The Solidity
code and provided application programming interfaces (API) are free, public,
open source. Before using the Freedex Protocol, please review the
documentation for a detailed explanation on how the Freedex Protocol works.

DigiOptions GmbH (“DigiOptions”) does not own or lead Freedex, but rather
supports and develops the free, open-source protocol that is Freedex. The
public license disclaimers apply, including that the Freedex Protocol is
provided “as is”, with all faults and at your own risk. DigiOptions will
not be liable for any liability or damages whatsoever associated with your
use, inability to use, or your interaction with other users of the Freedex
Protocol, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or
consequential damages, loss of profits, Ether tokens, any other
cryptocurrencies or data.

You acknowledge that the current version of the Freedex Protocol is a
non-final version and as such has not been fully-tested and may not perform
as designed. On the Freedex Protocol Ether may be used for trading, and in the
future, other tokens or cryptocurrencies may be used. While you should always
be thoughtful about tokens / cryptocurrencies you trade through the Freedex
Protocol, the concerns regarding loss of these tokens or cryptocurrencies is
particularly acute with non-final software that may not perform as designed,
including that the version of the Freedex Protocol may not accurately reflect
the intent of the smart contracts or the documentation. Your use of the
Freedex Protocol involves various risks, including, but not limited to losing 
tokens / cryptocurrencies due to invalidation. Careful due diligence should be
undertaken as to the amount of tokens / cryptocurrencies you trade using the
Freedex Protocol with full understanding that any trading of these
tokens / cryptocurrencies could be subject to total loss. You assume any and
all risk associated with your use of the Freedex Protocol.

You are solely responsible for compliance with all laws that may apply to your
particular use of the Freedex Protocol. Cryptocurrencies and blockchain
technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies
around the world. DigiOptions makes no representation regarding the
application of any laws, including but by no means limited to those relating
to gaming, options, derivatives or securities, to your use of the Freedex
Protocol. Indeed, depending on the jurisdiction and the contemplated use of
the Freedex Protocol (whether yours or another’s), that use may be considered
illegal. You agree that DigiOptions is not responsible for determining whether
or which laws may apply to your use of the Freedex Protocol. You may modify
the Freedex Protocol under the terms of the applicable open source license to
effectuate your compliance with any applicable laws.
